Capabilities:
  Named data structures used to determine if a
  query is allowed. The capabilities available for a query is a function of Capability Model, State and Identity

Capability Models:
  Templates for identities, describing which states and capabilities are available for an associated identity. Used to model ways that foreign entities can interact with the domain.
Session State:
  A subset of identity capabilities and permitted queries. Capability Models define states. A session starts in the default state "stateless" which must be defined for each capability model.
Query:
  A named data structure similar to a capability, sent to the RBAC system by the client domain
Decision/Answer:
  Boolean response to a query.
Session: A communication channel between client domain and the RBAC system. Capability set determined by (State, Identity, Capability Model)

Hooks: 
  Function calls inside modules or applications in client domain that query the RBAC system. Depending on the active policy they may be "optimized out"/ignored if policy explicitly permits it, or they can locally respond using cached queries
TODO --- If decision handler for a given query refers to other queries (inline queries), then combine cache+loglevel settings recursively before allowing caching of this query. nb done at compile-time!
Decision handler:
  Boolean function that takes a query and a capability set as input and returns a decision. DHs can emit log entries, call other decision handlers inline, change session identity, change session state, update identity capabilities. Temporary updates can be apllied using the cache flags (ie if temporary vdata needs to be kept for key exchanges).
Capability update:
  Changes to capabilities are state-dependent and are applied to a set of states and can be permanent or have a limited lifetime/visibility: current state; set of states (must include current); session

Policy:
  A dictionary mapping query name to decision handlers. TODO probably refers to much more.

User:
  A set of identities, can reference identities from separate domains. Used to tie app identities to physical user entities. Contains auth data for managing identities (changing app passwords etc), contact info etc
- domain capability todo
- plugin capability todo

State Transition: A state transition can switch the identity associated with the session. A unique identity identifier (uint64) is returned along with the decision for queries that trigger transitions. Since allowing multiple identity switches in the same session adds a lot of complexity to handle for domain developers we should probably limit each session to one identity switch (from null -> identity) and offer "started sessions" for developers wanting "SU"-mechanisms.
Identity identifier: A unique uint64 used by a domain to identify an identity. The RBAC domain is not a general-purpose data store, so applications may want to use this identifier to tie identities to domain-related data (blog posts, profile pictures, whatever).

